[docs] Introducing OpenBAS Agent (Executor) (#23)
OpenBAS-Platform/docs: docs/administration/openbas-agent.md

for execution on the host asset.

This application aims to be able to be run on different OS (Windows, Linux, macOS). It is developed in Rust

## Features

The main features of the OpenBAS agent are:
- Agent registration on the OpenBAS platform
  The agent is installed on the asset using an agent-instaler.exe file and runs as a service.
  It updates its status every 30 seconds on the OpenBAS platform.

- Auto upgrade the agent (on start-up and registration)

- Retrieval of jobs to be executed
  It retrieves the list of processes to be executed on the host asset,
  and created the implant to which it will transmit the scripts to be executed

- Deleting executables and execution directories
  The agent deletes implants that have been running for a predefined time and cleans the execution directories.

The following flow diagram represents the Agent installation flow :

![img.png](img.png) 

## Listed Issues

** If there is an installation of openBAS-agent on an asset, and then you try to re-install again, 
you got the following error

![img.png](../assets/images/img.png)

** When we try to uninstall an agent through the file uninstall.exe, it doesn't stop the service 

> and doesn't suppress completely all files and directories (Windows environment)

Reviewer: Do you think it's a good idea to write agent-related issues in the public documentation instead of trying to resolve them internally?

Author: You right. I created two issues to store them [isuue 7](https://github.com/OpenBAS-Platform/agent/issues/7) and [issue 8](https://github.com/OpenBAS-Platform/agent/issues/8)

# OpenBAS Agent

## Introduction

> The openBAS agent is an application whose main role is to enroll an asset on the OpenBAS platform,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The openBAS agent is an application whose main role is to enroll an Asset on the OpenBAS platform,

```

> to retrieve jobs or scripts to be executed and to transmit this information to the implants (subject to come)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to retrieve jobs or scripts to be executed and to transmit this information to Implants (subject to come)

```

> for execution on the host asset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for execution on the host Asset.

```

> The agent will not perform direct attack to remain neutral for antivirus.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Agent will not perform direct actions on the Asset to remain neutral for antivirus and ensure the full run of the simulation.

```

> It aims to be able to be run on different OS (Windows, Linux, macOS). It is developed in Rust

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The OpenBAS Agent is compatible with different OS (Windows, Linux, macOS) and is developed in Rust.
```

## Installation

Depending on the OS, several installations are at your disposal :

Linux

  - Requirement → systemd, access to the openbas instance used
  - Installation → Create a service with name openbas-agent
  - Verification command line → `systemctl enable openbas-agent`
  - Start/Stop service →`systemctl start openbas-agent` & `systemctl stop openbas-agent`

MacOS

  - Requirement → access to the openbas instance used
  - Installation → Create a service with name openbas-agent
  - Verification command line → `launchctl list | grep openbas.agent`
  - Start/Stop service → `launchctl bootstrap system ~/Library/LaunchDaemons/openbas-agent.plist` & `launchctl bootout system ~/Library/LaunchDaemons/openbas-agent.plist`

Windows

  - Requirement → admin user, access to the openbas instance used
  - Installation → Create a service with name openbas-agent and
  - Verification command line → `Get-Service -Name "OBASAgentService"`
  - Start/Stop service → `Start-Service -Name "OBASAgentService"` & `Stop-Service -Name "OBASAgentService"`

The following flow diagram represents the Agent installation flow :

![img.png](assets/agent_installation_flow_diagram.png)

## Features

> The main features of the OpenBAS agent are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main features of the OpenBAS Agent are:

```

- Agent registration on the OpenBAS platform

>   The agent is installed on the asset using an agent-installer.exe file and runs as a service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The agent is installed on the Asset using an agent-installer.exe file and runs as a service.

```

  It communicates with the deployed OpenBAS instance in order to enroll the asset.

![Agent assets status](assets/agent_assets_status.png)

- Auto upgrade the agent (on start-up and registration)

- Retrieval of jobs to be executed

  The agent retrieves jobs to be executed from the OpenBAS instance every 30 seconds. 

>   For the moment, jobs are implant launches on the asset to be able to execute attacks. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For the moment, jobs are Implant to spawn and launch on the Asset, waiting to execute payloads of your Simulation's Injects. 

```

  Each job execution logs is kept in a dedicated directory in order to have a trace of what happened (pid, executable).

- Deleting executables and execution directories

>   The agent deletes implants that have been running for a predefined time and cleans the execution directories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The Agent deletes Implants that have been running for a predefined time and cleans the execution directories.

```

- Health check

>   The agent pings the OpenBAS instance every 2 minutes to notify it of its healthy status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The Agent pings the OpenBAS instance every 2 minutes to notify it of its healthy status.

```

- Cleanup

>   The agent ensures that the processes it has executed are correctly finished or deleted if necessary. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The Agent ensures that the processes it has executed are correctly finished or deleted if necessary. 

```
